Danny Park: Everybody
Danny Park: welcome to our lecture on the information system. So this lecture should be maybe about an hour, maybe a bit a little bit less, but
Danny Park: a lot of the questions a lot of time. Usually, when I provide this uh discussion in a live session most of the time, most of that time is filled with, you know questions and answers. So
Danny Park: um again this boat,
Danny Park: when we meet on Friday, you know we have the first fifteen minutes to do A. Q. A. On it. So please more uh feel more than happy to, you know. Have a list of questions that you may want to ask um related to this lecture. But um! I'll try to be as detailed as possible.
Danny Park: All right. So diving right in right, so we can go to
Danny Park: What is the information system? All right, So let me just go ahead and delete this slide, because
Danny Park: no, we'll leave it, because this will kind of help us in the people's side. Um, right? So what is the information in the system?
Danny Park: All right. So I just want to make sure that
Danny Park: we have a good clarification
Danny Park: about when
Danny Park: what we should be thinking about when when others in technology refer to the information system versus information technology.
Danny Park: So some
Danny Park: this is capable.
Danny Park: They tend to use the term information technology
Danny Park: um to mean the information system,
Danny Park: right? So
Danny Park: what is the information system?
Danny Park: So it
Danny Park: a system? Right? So let's first define system. A system is a group of interacting or related parts that must work with one another to deliver a product, service or expectation.
Danny Park: Right? So
Danny Park: when we
Danny Park: say information system, we're talked about all of the
Danny Park: components that are necessary
Danny Park: to deliver business value
Danny Park: today.
Danny Park: What's a What's a You know? What do we mean when we say information technology. So what information technology is one of the components of the system
Danny Park: that has to work with the other components to deliver value. So I guess a quick example would be just because you have let's say Google Suite at your company,
Danny Park: Google Suite alone by itself. Doesn't deliver any value. Right?
Danny Park: No, it doesn't. It just provides the company with a set of capabilities, and
Danny Park: that
Danny Park: the other components can leverage to create synergies with one another to deliver ultimate business value. Right? So that's one important thing that I want to, you know. Just share across immediately is information system, or
Danny Park: includes all of the components
Danny Park: to deliver
Danny Park: business value and information. Technology is just one of the components that has to be part of right
Danny Park: creation of that business value. So what are the components of the information system? So it's.
Danny Park: We'll talk general. So there are other ways to kind of depict or share what an information system is depending on on how technical you want to get versus how business focus you want to get. But since this is a non-technical class, let's just talk about the general.
Danny Park: You know business side component. So it's it that
Danny Park: these are the things that the business side should be thinking about
Danny Park: and how to integrate them to get the
Danny Park: strive or achieve the business strategy, since the business strategy by definition, should be the
Danny Park: path to generate value for that organization.
Danny Park: All right? So
Danny Park: the components are people
Danny Park: process technology, tools or capabilities, right? We just call it technology for short the data,
Danny Park: the Kpi's or Okr. So a Kpi is key performance indicator, and it Okr is objective key results
Danny Park: in short, basically measuring, measuring
Danny Park: our activities. Or if all these components together,
Danny Park: or meeting the outcomes that we want the desired outcomes meaning Is it? Are they achieving the value that we need?
Danny Park: All right? So
Danny Park: when we look at this pyramid right,
Danny Park: the four layers of digital business,
Danny Park: the business itself
Danny Park: right? There's also a business system, right? So you know. So what's a business system? So what we talk about business system. We're saying that. Okay. So what's the business? A business is the aggregation of different components as well, right? So so a business will have the finance, component
Danny Park: right or function, right finance, marketing, human resources and logistics. Um, compliance, law, legal governance. You know all these different components together make up the business system.
Danny Park: So within that business system the
Danny Park: the business analysts question should be, okay, How within our business system we have people, process technologies and the data.
Danny Park: How do I help the organization
Danny Park: take the information system that we have
Danny Park: right and align it toward the business
Danny Park: system.
Danny Park: Right? So at each layer of the business
Danny Park: the digital business meeting the business itself and the different components right. Each layer or function needs
Danny Park: its own set of people,
Danny Park: its own set of processes.
Danny Park: It's set its own unique technology and capabilities, and it's going to generate or require their own data.
Danny Park: So at each layer the purpose is to figure out okay, what people do. I need? What processes do I need? What technologies do I need and what's the data available, and what data do I want to generate?
Danny Park: Achieve the
Danny Park: key performance indicators
Danny Park: that we have established.
Danny Park: All right. So
Danny Park: the business analyst would be assessing each component.
Danny Park: So
Danny Park: here here's an example.
Danny Park: Let's say
Danny Park: the enterprise right? Or the business wants to adopt salesforce.
Danny Park: So salesforce
Danny Park: comes with it its own capabilities and tools.
Danny Park: So when we look at the technologies, capabilities, and tools. Right? We'll quickly realize that salesforce is
Danny Park: a good alignment to the marketing and sales functional for the organization.
Danny Park: Okay. So now we have we understand the target
Danny Park: group of audience for that technology great.
Danny Park: But once we get into that marketing or sales group, right, and we're trying to implement salesforce,
Danny Park: we can't just give them sales forces and say, here, use it and boom the
Danny Park: right. It automatically. The sales, the the sales organization, and the people in the marketing are gonna effectively use sales right? It never works that way.
Danny Park: So as a business analyst, we have to say, okay, we think salesforce is. There is a good technology to bring into marketing and human resources. But let's are not human resources. There's a sales organization,
Danny Park: So let's assess the people.
Danny Park: So you would look at the people. And you would start thinking about Okay,
Danny Park: Who in marketing or sales, or in the sales organization, has you salesforce before? Right? So what's this skill sets
Danny Park: right. What do they have existing? Transferable skill sets that can help them adopt salesforce the right way? What other assessments would be? What are some of the backgrounds that individual has
Danny Park: right that may make them be, you know,
Danny Park: little bit more on the competent level competency level. To adopt salesforce
Danny Park: um. Other measures would be due to the people in the marketing and salesforce. Are they ready to adopt right? We talk about readiness all the time about, you know, right being ready to execute, ready to implement, ready to adopt. Are they ready?
Danny Park: Right? Do they have the time and the focus to to be able to understand and pick up salesforce to scale. So there are several different components of the factors of the people component of what we have to assess before we actually
Danny Park: first identify the right technology or even bring it in. So in this instance we're questioning is salesforce, even the correct technology, right? So from a people component, we have to look at about the factors and understand if they're ready.
Danny Park: And then let's assume that you assess the people component, and you know they're they're they're ready to adopt a particular technology, right? These sales rooms, or something else.
Danny Park: The next part you have we have as analysts that we have to think about is the processes that are existing in that particular department or the business. Right? So let's say
Danny Park: they say the sales organization for a company isn't that mature
Danny Park: right? There's a lot of lack of standards, or there is. There's really no methodology around. Go to market.
Danny Park: The processes are really not that complex to date, because you know, the the organization just started
Danny Park: right? So they're not really getting into, like, you know, huge amount of transactions they're just. They basically excel is fine for now, for example.
Danny Park: So if if the processes
Danny Park: don't align
Danny Park: to the capabilities of the technology, right? So if salesforce is providing us with, let's say
Danny Park: capabilities A, B, C and D, for example, and the processes that we assessed, the only capabilities that we need is A for now
Danny Park: is there an economic value
Danny Park: to adopt salesforce right? Probably not right, because the whole purpose of the information your system is to maximize value. You don't want to take on an extra cost that's not needed at that particular time. Right? So about timing and readiness, right? So that that that's one example of
Danny Park: salesforce is not the right technology. Let's just keep excel
Danny Park: right on the flip side. Let's say salesforce still provides A, B C and D from a capabilities perspective. But then our organizational processes. Right? We need capabilities. A, B, C. The Efg. X, Y. And Z.
Danny Park: So additional capabilities, so meaning that the tick now a salesforce is not going to meet
Danny Park: the needs
Danny Park: of our organization from a process perspective.
Danny Park: So since salesforce is not providing is only providing a B C and D as a capability. Maybe there's another technology out there
Danny Park: that will provide us additional capabilities that we need.
Danny Park: Right. So ultimately the point again, just like how the people right, because people are the ones the people of the people are the main drivers and using technology and adopting it the correct way to generate value. We also have to understand that the processes that the people executing the processes themselves have to align to the technology that we want to bring in,
and it's usually done at the capability level,
Danny Park: are there? What is there an opportunity to re-engineer? A set of processes to get them ready for A particular technology, of course, and that should be part of the assessment. So the assessment should be, What are the current state processes that our teams are executing that are delivering value
Danny Park: with this particular technology that we have be able to create the efficiencies of those current processes. We,
Danny Park: or
Danny Park: is there an opportunity for us to re-engineer? Some of these processes to generate value without technology. And then, when they're ready, let's go ahead and implement the technology that we want.
Danny Park: So
Danny Park: that's why why that's Why, it is very important to assess not only the technologies capabilities for fit, but we have to also look at the people and process. So this is this, that assessment right there.
Danny Park: Yes,
Danny Park: probably the most common error that's made in a lot of organizations a lot of organizations. They, when they think about the information system, they just automatically default to meeting meeting information technology.
Danny Park: They assume the technology itself is going to bring with them the system
Danny Park: which is completely false. So what happens is, companies will buy these technologies and oldies, and you know salesforce erps, and, like all these, they'll bring it in
Danny Park: and go. Oh, look! It's great investment. Look at all the capabilities that we have. If we buy this, it's gonna create so much value, and then when they buy it,
Danny Park: then when they try to roll it out, meaning get people to use it, you know. I'm sure some in this class have felt this like you. Then, like the peanut galley opens up
Danny Park: right there first. There's a lot of people who are resisting this thing. Hey? Look! My excel is just fine. I don't want to It's the amount of time it takes me to relearn this tool. Come on, I don't want to deal with it. Let me just do my excel. Let me just get it over with. I want to go home,
Danny Park: all right. So we got the resistance group right? The detractors.
Danny Park: Then you got honest like process, inefficiency or process misalignment where the process itself, the technologies just can't service that process,
Danny Park: I think. Oh, hey, thanks for the tech. But this is my process, and this tech doesn't. Do this, that this, that this. So I can't use your tech because it's not giving me any actual value. It's actually causing me rework
Danny Park: You're introducing waste into my system, Or am I the way I work by introducing this technology that doesn't align to what I need
Danny Park: happens all the time.
Danny Park: So as a good business analyst again before we get to the data, we also talk about the soft side. You know the human component, the process component, because people, processes and technologies, those are all data points that we don't capture in numbers.
Danny Park: Again, a business analyst doesn't mean, we're a dump or mathematician. We confuse that, too. When we think of business all as a data analyst
Danny Park: people to be honest, a lot of people think about math.
Danny Park: But a analyst is beyond just math. If I wanted someone, or if the organization is wanting someone to run statistics all day, we will just hire mathematicians
Danny Park: like why wouldn't we? Why wouldn't we just go hire a bunch of math majors
Danny Park: We don't because we're like No, the math involved. Isn't that advanced right. No one's gonna do advanced matrices or or you know
Danny Park: It's theoretical
Danny Park: theoretical science, right? Theoretical reason. No one's doing that at our level at our normal business level. As an analyst. We need people who would just understand man, right? Just general. Be honestly just basic general statistics,
Danny Park: like regression and prediction,
Danny Park: write probability models and distribution
Danny Park: basically statistics. If you take in an entry level, and maybe some like middle-level statistics. Course you
Danny Park: right? Our stats like statistics around probabilities, that's all you need the
Danny Park: really for being a really carving at a really strong career and analytics and data science.
Danny Park: So we don't need mathematicians
Danny Park: right? We need all around business focused people who can understand how to capture the data points that are not in the numbers.
Danny Park: So we could find alignment and all the components of a system to maximize value for the organization.
Danny Park: Right? So again, assessing people, process technology is very important, and the last thing not less certain. Let not least is the data.
Danny Park: This is where another pain point that a lot of companies end up having
Danny Park: is.
Danny Park: People take data for granted. They assume the data sets they have like. We We talked about this earlier. They assume that data sets that they have is ready,
Danny Park: right. And if you actually ask your organization,
Danny Park: I mean, I would challenge everyone to do it. Just ask random people that you know in your work. Say, hey, what do you? What I define data rating Inst: from what's data quality to you,
Danny Park: then? Asks someone else, and to ask someone else, you would most likely you probably find the definition of data quality be different.
Danny Park: Some may not even know what you're talking about.
Danny Park: If we don't understand our data ecosystem, how can we ever pick the technology
Danny Park: right? How can we ever say our processes are optimized. If we don't understand the data that's coming out of it,
Danny Park: or even if it's the right data,
Danny Park: how the processes are contributing
Danny Park: to data quality for the organization,
Danny Park: or if they're actually wasteful, because the data going again already is not, is not good. So the process, even though the process is good. The ingredients they're working with so poor the outputs is outputting something that is not really driving to the maximum value. We just think it's valuable,
Danny Park: but it might be but as a business analyst the question is, No, no, no, is it the question is this valuable? The question is, is this the most value that we could possibly get.
Danny Park: If you think about it, just think about Ah, you know, like a toothpaste an allergy like, Are you gonna squeeze half of it and throw it away. No, you're gonna keep squeezing and squeezing It's gonna squeeze up so you can't get anything else out of it. That's the mindset that we have to have about value, or we squeezing every minuscule
Danny Park: part of value from this process. So every time this process executes is the end outcome. The acts, the absolute value that it could possibly provide.
Danny Park: Just doing math is not going to get us there.
Danny Park: So data data we have to talk. We have when we assess the data. When we we talked about this in our very first lecture, we have to assess the quality of the data in the organization that's looking to adopt the technology. No technology should ever be purchased
Danny Park: invested in
Danny Park: until we get a good understanding. If the data that sets that we have will align to that tech. There are plenty of technologies out there where the data sets that the organization has is just not compatible.
Danny Park: There has to be so much work done on the data to prep it to get it into the tool. In the first place, it's like you have an automated tool to,
Danny Park: But to you as an automated tool, you have to do a lot of manual work on the data to get it into the right structure to use the automated tool. So
Danny Park: you're actually you created waste that we work, and all the manual efforts to get the data ready and prep you introduce waste to to use the actual invested tool. So you invested money.
Danny Park: You expected one hundred dollars of value, for for example. But then, let's Say, you tell the company, hey? If we adopt this particular technical technology, A: If you get the job, technology A, we're going to get one hundred thousand value
Danny Park: and yes, awesome. Buy it. So the you bought technology A. Then you give it to the the operations team and the operations. Teams take a look and they go. Hmm. Okay, for us to use this. We have to do all this work on the data to get it into a ready format for the tool to accept
Danny Park: cool, and then all that work.
Danny Park: That's the data that that operation team has to do. Let's say It's going to cost them forty dollars.
Danny Park: So your value investment, the maximum value that you expected to get from to a is one hundred. But you spent forty. So it was actually sixty.
Danny Park: It doesn't make any sense
Danny Park: to add in a additional forty waste forty forty dollars of waste
Danny Park: just to adopt a tool? Is there another tool, or is it another tool that already readily adapts to our data model or a set that we have in the organization? Or
do we have to have conversations upstream
Danny Park: around the theater quality first,
Danny Park: so our teams will have to all this manual effort before we go ahead and grab that technology and bring it in
Danny Park: right. So all those, all those concepts around opportunity, cost,
Danny Park: and and risk management. It applies to a Ba.
Danny Park: Business, at least, if you think about risk and value and cost
Danny Park: identification
Danny Park: the most out of any role in the organization,
Danny Park: right? And then ultimately, what the K. Pr. Is? The okay? Are they telling us? Is it.
No, we have a desired set of outcomes that we want.
Danny Park: In theory.
Danny Park: These other four components should be working well in a synergistic way to help us achieve the
Danny Park: or not only achieve, but even exceed our eight kpis or cares that we want
Danny Park: all right. So
Danny Park: as another, I would say
Danny Park: a practical pop that I've seen in my career is that a lot of organizations They kind of. They don't really put in thoughtful Kpi.
Danny Park: The Kpi is an Okrs have to be realistic. So how can you develop realistic
Danny Park: Kpis and Okrs? If you don't understand your other four components?
Danny Park: Right? Let's say, you assess your people as saying, I saying, that's a your system like one hundred percent of them want to adopt a tool like overnight,
Danny Park: right? So adoption rate is going to be a hundred percent of the tool that you want in the in the system. It's going to be a hundred percent adoption rate within sixty days. So
Danny Park: So then, let's say you accounted your Kpi so that you're assuming that the technology that save you money will make or either save you money or generate more money.
Danny Park: It's one or the other Right? You don't really invest in technology. If it's not going to either save you more money than the investment you made, or it's going to make you more money than an investment you made
Danny Park: right. Is it obvious
Danny Park: so? But that requires people to use it? So if you wrongfully assume that one hundred percent adoption rate within. Let's say, six. Well, three months, or whatever. Just use this for you six weeks
Danny Park: with the technology, And then you are saying, Okay, great by six by the sixth week I'm going to have one hundred percent adoption. So then I expect to make a million dollars more. This court,
Danny Park: right? So you built in on achievable Kpi, based on your wrong, full assumptions about one or multiple components of your system.
Danny Park: So having. Kp: is that unrealistic? That's the best way to destroy the adoption of a technology,
Danny Park: the adoption of a new process,
Danny Park: or your people are going to want to leave the company
Danny Park: right, or your data sets like you even would have improving it. So
Danny Park: this is very important
Danny Park: can actually degrade
Danny Park: the other components of the business system,
Danny Park: but you see it's kind of like a chicken egg problem. But or on the flip side, if you don't have a good assessment of your components. You have bad kpis. So that's all we say.
Danny Park: That's what a Kpi is. Okay, are are included in the component of the business system. All of these have to be integrated, and and and and synergies have to be created. So a business, Alice is assessing everything. It's assessing people process tech data, kpis, and they doing it again, doing it again, doing it again and doing it again.
Danny Park: Two
Danny Park: chip away
Danny Park: the and the gaps that each component has. That's preventing those components to align well together.
Danny Park: So a very good business analyst
Danny Park: over time working to create a value-driven information system.
Danny Park: No information system on this planet will have a hundred percent alignment on these five components.
Danny Park: But a good business analyst is assessing each to figure out
Danny Park: the continuous improvement efforts that each component needs to make sure that the five of these five components are jelling together. So that is what we mean by continuous improve for those who've heard that term. But Don't understand what they do.
Danny Park: Continuous improvement, office, or continuous improvement efforts within. Let's say a Pmo. Or a operations excellence organization of the company.
Danny Park: They have a bunch of business analysts,
Danny Park: right? What people who adopt those core capabilities and expertise, who are continuously assessing these components for alignment,
Danny Park: the organization or in their careers, understanding the how to really make these components work,
Danny Park: because each executive office is charged to maximize value for the stakeholder.
Danny Park: And how else do you maximize,
Danny Park: not generating value. That's a different I know I know a lot of Nba courts, they say, create value. That's not the question. The question is, are you maximizing that
Danny Park: that's what executives do. They try to maximize the value of the organization, the
Danny Park: by the theory of infinite growth?
Danny Park: So sooner we think in our it as business analysts how to maximize value and everything that we do, even in our personal. Let's say you want to go for a job, and you need a right certification.
Danny Park: Does that? Is that certification or that degree really going to maximize the value?
Danny Park: What you want from it?
Danny Park: Right? What's your desired outcome. You want to go work for Google. Well, that degree of sort of certification really set you up for success. This Is it really valuable
Danny Park: there another degree or no other certification. You need to get that. You don't know about
Danny Park: as a business analyst.
Danny Park: How are you assessing your systems components to make you competitive
Danny Park: to work at the top tier companies,
Danny Park: because in theory, until you're ready meaning until you assess your situation, how can you assess the situation of a business
Danny Park: which so
Danny Park: a lot of important takeaways there.
Danny Park: So we talked about people. I just have one people as a slide, just to show
Danny Park: some things to assess. And the reason why I kind of call out people you notice I don't call any of the other components because it's it's really self-explanatory. We're called out a little bit here and here, but the people I want to really talk about, because this is where everything really
Danny Park: people take. If data is one place you take for granted to other people. The other part they take for granted is people,
Danny Park: and it really comes down to
Danny Park: the understanding between leadership and management
Danny Park: for those in this class. You guys are all Mbas, or you know, of all future Mba
Danny Park: who are going to be, and who will be in leadership positions.
Danny Park: We have to understand the difference between leadership and management.
Danny Park: Okay, leadership is the ability to inspire someone through your own investments.
Danny Park: And being just right. Justice is a huge thing to an employee. If they feel that something's unfair or unjust, you're going to lose a team, no matter how well you want to manage them
Danny Park: with reward of punishment. Schemes or frameworks. If they seem something is unfair, They're not going to adopt
Danny Park: right, or they're not to be inspired to do the right thing or invest their time into the business. So inspir, you know, leadership starts with ourselves, and making sure that we
Danny Park: for portraying
Danny Park: good ethics, morals, and justice, but also being able to share
Danny Park: the what's in it for them just beyond the pay and the bonus
Danny Park: right? So
Danny Park: that's leadership.
Danny Park: Leadership is inspiring without the actual
Danny Park: impact with the impact.
Danny Park: When I walk into a room
Danny Park: there's sometimes there are people with lower ranks and partners who are so inspirational that the other partners, even though that higher rank an impact
Danny Park: they default to that senior manager or director for guidance and leadership.
Danny Park: So leadership is something that's removed from the actual title or rank. The
Danny Park: The formal authority of an organization leadership is something that you build
Danny Park: regardless of that rank. So what I see a lot of young professionals do, is they? They incorrectly think that leadership is tied to the rank.
Danny Park: So when I see an associate come in, and I know for a fact, this associate has really good points and can lead.
Danny Park: They stay quiet because they feel like Oh, they're not a leader yet. They.
Danny Park: This can be further from the truth.
Danny Park: There are several ways to become a leader,
Danny Park: and rank is not one of them.
Danny Park: We thought about it. There's several people who have high ranks who are terrible leaders
Danny Park: keep that in mind because I see a lot of even even Mbas, who graduate, who start here at Pwc and Deloitte, and the Uipath, and all the places I worked where I noticed that they're not progressing in their careers as fast as they can, because they have this misalignment in their thinking.
Danny Park: Assuming leadership is the rank,
Danny Park: just like how people you know, most people incorrectly think that information technology is the information system.
Danny Park: The rank does not bring leadership. The
Danny Park: just like how information technology does not bring the system.
Danny Park: So What's management
Danny Park: management is nothing more than a set of best practices and frameworks that keeps
Danny Park: maintains the staff or the teams from doing the right actions at the right time.
Danny Park: So things like project plans, timelines. Ah, punishment and reward. Right you get fire, performance, improvement plans, people go and perform well. You get more bonus and pay and promotion if you do well. So there are structures in place that manage the the the at minimum expected behaviors.
Danny Park: That's necessary to keep generating on business value right so bare minimum.
Danny Park: So anyone who thinks that pay and bonus structure is what maximizes value
Danny Park: for an open meeting. It's going to incentivize a group of a team to really maximize value. They're wrong.
Danny Park: What maximizes value for an organization from a team perspective is leadership, the inspiration,
Danny Park: the management,
Danny Park: a set of frameworks and protocols in place to tell the teams
Danny Park: or individual team members What is a baseline expectation of them
Danny Park: that's going to help continue to business, generate, value.
Danny Park: My generate value is management
Danny Park: maximize value is leadership. That's why people who show leadership potential get promoted.
Danny Park: And I hear this all the time, and i'll end with this Um, You know sharing.
Danny Park: And when I because I coach a lot of people, and I coach a lot of professionals, I actually do some side coaching, too, or career coaching, and here's what I hear the common theme. When I hear people say I feel like I stole my career, and I asked them what they did.
Danny Park: They were all great managers,
Danny Park: but they didn't focus on leading.
Danny Park: I share with them that idea like what what they did wrong, and they realized, Oh, that's right
Danny Park: Would I really be honest about it?
Danny Park: My management duties is actually just. Maintain the status quo,
Danny Park: and my and I have some team members there who are kind of exceeding right, because they themselves are leaders, Right? Because they're They're inspiring themselves to do better.
Danny Park: But the team itself is just status quo, because i'm actually just managing them.
Danny Park: I haven't really led them. I haven't really inspired them. I haven't really looked at the team and found people who are actually exceeding and through inspiration like to, you know, giving them, you know, accolades or pads in the back
Danny Park: right? And what a great job! And just sharing with so like sharing their contribution just beyond the usual pay and bonus structure, you know, like what the organization has that gets everyone to. Oh, oh, wow, wow! Look, look! That person did this, and they're being recognized. And I'm hearing from Danny, like you know
Danny Park: what it means to own your career and how to do it, and he want. He's really interested in us as people not just part of you know, part of Pwc. Or Deloitte. He's really interested in our own personal growth, you know. Be it both here and and and in our personal life
Danny Park: awesome, and that's leadership.
Danny Park: So a good way to gauge leadership is to see your team and see how many people are raising their hand to go above and beyond what's necessary for them to maintain the status quo.
Danny Park: So the more people that raise your hands to do it. It kind of shows that you, being a really good leader, and that's recognized by a senior leadership, that. Oh, this person!
Danny Park: It's so so inspirational, because getting the most out of that two things to is squeezing every value from it.
Danny Park: We need someone like that to take on these additional responsibilities, building out a new project building on your business unit or going on a key initiative, a high visibility initiative that many senior leaders are focused on.
Danny Park: So this is very important, if any, If we're doing management alone, you're going to have high turnover rate,
Danny Park: please
Danny Park: to tie out our
Danny Park: discussion. So now let's talk about process. Right? Process is basically like the
Danny Park: Okay, What's the process? So a process is a set of activities that occur within some sequential order.
Danny Park: But as business analysts
Danny Park: we can just say, Oh, this process is happening. That's the correct order of things.
Danny Park: It doesn't make any sense,
Danny Park: all right. So
Danny Park: one of the easiest things a business analysis can do when they're assessing a process is they look at the process, and they get the end to end, and within each activity
Danny Park: you should be able to bucket in them into two buckets, either mandatory or
Danny Park: or discretionary.
Danny Park: So a mandatory dependency would be
Danny Park: activity. A must happen in order for activity. B to happen
Danny Park: right? So it must.
Danny Park: It has to be there.
Danny Park: It's not optional
Danny Park: right. And you see here, I you know you list some, maybe some reasons why
Danny Park: purposes for justification as to why a particular activity is mandatory right? Most often it's because it's legally bound
Danny Park: right. For example, the big four, the audit practice,
Danny Park: every process and audit
Danny Park: is required only because not every process. Yeah, Well, actually every process. But let's think about it from a a regulation perspective. So i'll say it this way If the Sec. Said tomorrow that public companies don't need an independent audit to trade on the public stock market,
Danny Park: right in the stock and in the markets.
Danny Park: The assurance and audit service lines will go away.
Danny Park: Because why would a company spend money on a set up processes and activities that became discretionary
Danny Park: meaning. There's no law now that says Apple has to get audited by E. And Y or Pwc. Whoever that does their audit to go trade
Danny Park: right? So
Danny Park: many business processes that that a lot of businesses spend on right now, but as as business leaders. We can't think about our own myopic world, but think about broader right as Nba's. We think broad.
Danny Park: Think about it.
Danny Park: The whole ecosystem
Danny Park: of business.
Danny Park: It is governed by a set of laws and processes.
Danny Park: I mean our laws, regulation, best practices, and all these other things
Danny Park: companies. Because of that
Danny Park: they become mandatory dependencies. So legal and contractual requirements is the main driver in making it activity
Danny Park: a mandatory dependency. So a must happen before B,
Danny Park: especially if you're in finance.
Danny Park: And then there are some other reasons why i'm not saying Legal and contractual requirements are the only reason why it makes an activity a requirement. But that's a really good starting point to really assess an actual activity
Danny Park: there.
Danny Park: Next, What you want to look at is like the large the lodge behind it. So let's say
Danny Park: I want to use and say activity. B is
Danny Park: uploading
Danny Park: a customized template
Danny Park: to Machine B Right? So that's activity. B:
Danny Park: So to do that to achieve B. I must do activity A, which is create the customized template,
Danny Park: because there's no other way for this application to work. So that's hard logic. Okay, Obviously it has to follow
Danny Park: right. There's no rule of law
Danny Park: that governs this. But when I talk about the rule of law of being logical.
Danny Park: It's governed by an actual logic like I needed to do activity. B: Right? So it's a mandatory dependency.
Danny Park: Other activities in the same process can be discretionary, so optional the
Danny Park: When we talk about process optimization,
Danny Park: it's really an exercise of understanding
Danny Park: the which activities are mandatory versus discretionary.
Danny Park: Why, the
Danny Park: activities are mandatory,
Danny Park: then, from the discretionary, the
Danny Park: asking ourselves if that discretionary activity is contributing to maximizing value
Danny Park: it doesn't contribute to maximizing value,
Danny Park: then an argument. It might not be necessary.
Danny Park: So if you have an activity that's not necessary to achieve maximum value, and it's unnecessary to do it at all, why not eliminate? Because if you eliminate that activity you're saving either time or money.
Danny Park: So, by the elimination of the discretionary dependency or the activity
Danny Park: then you are creating, You're gaining.
Danny Park: You have maximizing value by eliminating waste.
Danny Park: So that's what a business analyst does when it comes to process optimization.
Danny Park: And again, it's not really about the numbers you could use numbers at the end. Gauge. How successful, how much value you maximize or gain from your your process. Optimization, exercise, but the actual effort of doing it doesn't require numbers. It requires business sense and stakeholder management,
Danny Park: because sometimes a discretionary activity is done only because it's political,
Danny Park: and we have to be able to navigate successfully the stakeholder ecosystem to make sure that we can have everyone aligned, become champions in removing that activity. That's wasteful.
Danny Park: It's all right.
Danny Park: It's
Danny Park: just go into a technology slide, right? And then we'll end our discussion here. So technology, tools and capabilities is basically just talk about, hey? Look at all these technologies we have in the market.
Danny Park: Right? So for this, I just used intelligent automations, the Rpa industry
Danny Park: to show.
Danny Park: So within one segment of technology, tools and capabilities. Look at how many, how many there are which one should be used? We use you ipad. Do we use web services, Amazon? Do we go to a sure Do we go to Co. At which one? That's what a business analyst Answer:
Danny Park: A business analyst has to have a good, strong understanding and how to do research around the capabilities of tools,
Danny Park: and as I referenced before in this class, a good business analyst, you know, should be reading on, like, you know, think tanks and research organizations like Gartner and Forrester, the For the Wave and Gartner. They provide
Danny Park: a quick, graphical view which tools are leading from a capability and value perspective for that, for an for an industry.
Danny Park: All right. So these are two graphs that are published by Forrester
Danny Park: and Gardner
Danny Park: related to Pegging
Danny Park: um, not only the tool, but the service provider
Danny Park: against intelligent automation.
Danny Park: All right. So what do I put a service provider? So I sort of, for example, as a business analyst. You will be asked sometimes to assess the actual vendors. So Deloitte and Pwc. And E. And why we did consulting work around intelligent automation.
Danny Park: So you, as a business analyst, say, let's say for Apple,
Danny Park: your Cfo might come to you and say, Hey, we want to do a vendor assessment.
Danny Park: You
Danny Park: do your research and assess? Which vendor right? Is it Deloitte, Pwc. Kpmg. Essential which one of them is the best fit for our information system?
Danny Park: Do they have the right people?
Danny Park: Do they have the right methodology and process? Are they bringing in the right tools?
Danny Park: Right? Because some organizations have alliance partnership with some tools and others have alliance partnerships with others
Danny Park: right? What is their definition of data
Danny Park: or data quality?
Danny Park: Are they ready?
Danny Park: Are we aligned to them?
Danny Park: What do they view as being the desired outcome? This is alliance, what we need
Danny Park: Right so, and that's why I put capabilities, capabilities in this day and age, and and our current model of business in this world, the global model. Our capabilities no longer just comes from technologies and tools. It actually does come from service providers as well. Consultancy,
Danny Park: Theive was the sess
Danny Park: consultancy, just like how we would assess any technologies to like us people process technology data, Kpi: So,
Danny Park: because as a future executive for those in this room.
Danny Park: We're all future executives.
Danny Park: You'll be making decisions on Who to contract with, to bring into your organization to maximize the value
Danny Park: of your organization.
Danny Park: Not just that contract.
Danny Park: All right.
Danny Park: So
Danny Park: that is all I had for our discussion around the information system. I hope it was engaging and informative.
Danny Park: Doc.
Danny Park: Fifteen minute, Q. And A. In our Friday session. But if we, if we don't, have time to cover all the questions, ah, of course. Please send me a list of days and times that work for you for office hours, and i'll send you an invite, and I can deep dive into, you know I I mean we did a decent the dive. But if you want to, you know, if you're curious as to diving a little bit deeper
Danny Park: into how
Danny Park: the information system relates to being a business analyst, or in actually just being an executive leader, more than happy to share my thoughts on that.
Danny Park: So without further ado. Thank you so much for listening to this pre-recorded session on information systems
Danny Park: and we'll talk to everyone on Friday. Thanks. Everybody.